# Question 4

Is this function safe? Why or why not?

```js
const getUser = async (userId) => {
  const url = `https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users/${userId}`;
  const response = await fetch(url);
  const users = await response.json();
  console.log(users)
  return users;
}
getUser(-1)
```

Again, running the code gives you the answer, so try to figure it out on your own first!

# Answer
In JavaScript, a 'safe' function is one that effectively handles potential errors, edge cases, and invalid inputs to avoid crashes or bugs. Essential elements of a safe function include error handling, response validation, and input checks.

Lacking these elements, the provided code snippet does not seem safe, though it will certainly run without any issues (assuming the `userId` passed in exists within the JSONPlaceholder API). While the function is 'safe' to run, it lacks critical safeguards like `try/catch` blocks for catching network errors or any validation guard clauses against invalid inputs and responses.

For example, an unhandled exception is when an error is thrown during the execution of a program, but there's no code in place to catch or handle that error. When this happens, the program typically crashes/stops running because the system doesn't know what to do with the exception. So without a `try`/`catch` block, any errors that occur with the fetch request or data processing will result in an unhandled exception.

Also, without any validation guard clauses, the program assumes that any response or input is valid. By not checking if the `response.ok` is valid, the program will proceed with parsing data even if a status code outside the 200-299 range was given. This could lead to issues like trying to parse invalid data or more unhandled exceptions. Also, by not handling invalid userId inputs, the function will attempt to fetch data for a user that might not exist rather than prevent this fetch from ever occurring.

In real-world scenarios, these lapses in effective error management can, at best, negatively impact user experience and, at worst, cause money sinks with unnecessary API calls on invalid inputs and responses.

# Teacher Feedback
Score: 3/3